okay this is a car that we've done a few
bits and pieces with before it's now
basically going from our first stage of
eat and supercharger system where it got
its modified bonnet and bits and pieces
to go with it in that form I think I was
running around 420 430 horse crap tires
and then got an upgrade in an Eaton
system and it got went to a 383 where
I've got to stroke the crank showed and
rods and pistons and things and we go
into around the 5 65 70 horse trailer
tires and then let's go to the next
level I've actually gone through that's
a cast iron block in there so it's a
6-litre block out of the cast iron
truck engine in America that then we've
gone from put a off our heads on put a
stroker
Kelly's crankshaft scat rods and gone
through and done all the forged pistons
bits and pieces in there with a with a
comp cam we've gone through and probably
built the engine and then this is the
3.4 liter Whipple which is sitting on
the yellow terror well it's a bit
complicated actually that's a it's the
Whipple marine intercooled manifold with
a yellow terror modification with
intercooler and the top plate and the
top structure of it is yellow terror
then it's actually got the 3.4 litre
whipple supercharger on it and we've
done the custom drive system we've made
some more modifications to the
intercooler to make it all flow properly
and then we've set it all up in there on
this engine so this is actually going to
have quite a bit more intercooler than
what the Whipple marine system has in
the way of the flow side of things but
if you squish down a bit lower we still
need all the space in our bio
modifications to make it all fit but I
running with the same system I had
there's a inch and 7/8 headers and twin
three inch exhaust system put another
fuel pump in the system so it's running
a pair of O four fours and now we'll go
through and do a run it's only brand new
it's only a mile chain so we sort of aim
for a little bit over the 700 this
combination we put this thing on some
good fuel it is running 98 come on we
put it on some good fuel and this thing
will run into the into the nine hundreds
but at the moment we're just home for
the over 700 shitloads a talk let's see
how tall guys